Array List (AL) and Hash Table (HT) library
===========================================

By Marek @marekweb

Goal
----

Lists and mappings are two of the most common generic data types. This library implements both, in pure C. It aims to be simple and concise, while being completely generic.

It uses void pointers (`void*`) as the value type, which means it can be used to store any kind of data without requiring you to do anything to adapt your code. Just pass and receive `void*` values to and from the library.


Use in your project
-------------------

This library uses headers generated by `makeheaders`. The `#if INTERFACE` lines are artefacts of this. You don't have to worry about this if you're not making changes to the files.

Everything in this library has a `alht_` prefix -- you can consider it a placeholder. Change it to your own prefix, or remove it entirely, to make it more pleasant to use in your project.

I've omitted this prefix from the usage examples below for better readability.


Array Lists
-----------

The `al.c` file contains an array list implementation. It is implemented as a dynamic array which is automatically resized as needed.

Usage:
    al* mylist = al_create();
    al_add(mylist, value);
    al_pop(mylist);


Hash Tables
-----------

The `ht.c` file contains a hash table implementation. It is implemented with open addressing and linear probing. It is automatically resized as needed.

Usage:
    ht* mytable = ht_create();
    ht_set(mytable, "foo", value1);
    ht_remove(mytable, "boo");
    return ht_get(mytable, "bar");
    
    
Note that these usage examples omit the `alht_` prefix, which is present in the actual library.
